Restrict new VDC names to alphanumeric characters (#901)
UKCloud/documentation: articles/portal/ptl-ref-portal-api.md

Parameter name | Description | Type | Mandatory (Default)
---------------|-------------|------|--------------------
vmType | The type of VM workloads used in the VDC</br>Valid values:</br>- POWER</br>- ESSENTIAL</br>- PRIORITY | String | Y

> name | The name of the VDC<br>The name can be up to 32 characters long and can include any alphanumeric character | String | Y

Author: We don't need to be so restrictive after all.

```suggestion
 name | The name of the VDC<br />The name can be up to 32 characters long and can include any character except `+`, `(` or `)` | String | Y
```
